in a year. I do a lot of traveling here, Um, in California. Um, because
I am one of the senior enlisted leader. I have to keep my training,
uh, up to date, and I travel a lot for training. Um, for senior enlisted
leaders, we have to go different areas toe update our training
on leadership on I'm actually, uh, the command Keiko casually calls
assistance officer. So I have to update that and sometimes is face
to face, and I have to travel. Um, we also have a chiefs meeting where
we travel, um, to learn different things about leadership and, uh,
different parts of our training and how to be a better leader. Um,
And also how thio use our, um, use my leadership, um, with officers
and junior officers.